.TH "IPT_SC_SOPT" 3 "Tue Nov 8 2011" "Version 0.1" "IPT solution of DMFT" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
IPT_SC_SOPT \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "complex(8), dimension(2,-l:l), public \fBsolve_ipt_sc_sopt\fP (fg0_, wr_, delta_)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBA0p11\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBA0m11\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBA0p22\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBA0m22\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBB0p\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBB0m\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBC0p\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBC0m\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBP1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBP2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBQ1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBQ2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBR1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBR2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBT1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBT2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8), dimension(:), allocatable \fBwr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer, dimension(:,:), allocatable \fBiy_m_ix\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "integer, save \fBloop\fP = 1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "complex(8), dimension(:,:), allocatable \fBfg0\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "complex(8), dimension(:,:), allocatable \fBsigma\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "real(8) \fBdelta\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "complex(8),dimension(2,-l:l),public IPT_SC_SOPT::solve_ipt_sc_sopt (complex(8),dimension(2,-l:l)fg0_, real(8),dimension(-l:l)wr_, real(8)delta_)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::A0m11\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::A0m22\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::A0p11\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::A0p22\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::B0m\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::B0p\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::C0m\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::C0p\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8) \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::delta\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "complex(8),dimension(:,:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::fg0\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "integer,dimension(:,:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::iy_m_ix\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "integer,save \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::loop\fP = 1"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::P1\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::P2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::Q1\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::Q2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::R1\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::R2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "complex(8),dimension(:,:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::sigma\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::T1\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::T2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SS "real(8),dimension(:),allocatable \fBIPT_SC_SOPT::wr\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file IPT_SC_SOPT.f90.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for IPT solution of DMFT from the source code.
