.\" @($)f90pp.1 1.0 
.TH F90PP 1 "16 June 1997"
.SH NAME
f90pp \- the Unix command-line interface for the Fortran 90 language
preprocessor and pretty-printer by Michel Olagnon.
.tr %"  \" % stands for " throughout this page.
.ds )H M. Steffens
.ds ]W V 1.0:  June 1997
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B f90pp
.RI \|[ options \0...]\0[ input-file
.RI \|[ output-file ]\|]
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B f90pp
redirects the preprocessor's stdin and stdout
streams and prepends command-line definitions to its input.
It looks for an environment variable
.B F90PPRCOM
, whose value,
if set, is used to invoke preprocessor. Otherwise, the default
name is
.BR f90ppr .

If
.I output-file
is omitted, the preprocessor writes to
stdout. If additionally
.I input-file
is omitted, input is read
from stdin.
Thus, if called without command-line arguments, the bundle of
.B f90pp
and
.B f90ppr
behaves exactly like the preprocessor alone.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options provide a fast access to
.BR f90ppr 's
pre-defined keywords.
.B f90pp
allows (but does not require)
spacing between option characters and arguments.
.TP 15
.B \-F
.B FPPR_FXD_IN
.TP
.B \-f
.B FPPR_FXD_OUT
.TP
.B \-s
.B FPPR_USE_SHARP
.TP
.B \-C !string
.B FPPR_FALSE_CMT !string
.TP
.B \-m expr
.B FPPR_MAX_LINE expr

Must not be specified more than once.
.TP
.B \-i expr
.B FPPR_STP_INDENT expr

Must not be specified more than once.
.TP
.B \-k
.B FPPR_KWD_CASE FPPR_LOWER

Must not be specified more than once or together with
.BR \-K .
.TP
.B \-K
.B FPPR_KWD_CASE FPPR_UPPER

Must not be specified more than once or together with
.BR \-k .
.TP
.B \-u
.B FPPR_USR_CASE FPPR_LOWER

Must not be specified more than once or together with
.BR \-U .
.TP
.B \-U
.B FPPR_USR_CASE FPPR_UPPER

Must not be specified more than once or together with
.BR \-u .
.TP 0
Additionally, user defined keywords can be set by
.TP
.B \-D name=string
.SH EXAMPLE
.B f90pp -FsK -D MYDEF="hallo" prog.f prog.f90

converts fixed-form
.B prog.f
to free-form
.BR prog.f90 .
Fortran keywords are being upcased, the keyword
.B MYDEF
is replaced by the literal string
.B %hallo%
and the '#' character is accepted as preprocessor command-prefix.

.SH SEE ALSO
f90ppr(1)

.SH NOTES
The exit status of f90pp is 0, if the command-line interface
was successful, and positive otherwise. Unfortunately, its
exit status does not tell anything about the preprocessor's
success.
